c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.Android.dll
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.Android.pdb
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.Android.apk
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.dll
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.pdb
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.dll.mdb
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\obj\Debug\MedConnect.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\obj\Debug\MedConnect.Android.dll
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\obj\Debug\MedConnect.Android.pdb
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\MedConnect.Android.apk
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.Android.dll.config
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.Android.dll.config
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.Android.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.Android.pdb
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.Android.apk
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.Android-Signed.apk
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.pdb
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\MedConnect.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\obj\Debug\MedConnect.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\obj\Debug\MedConnect.Android.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\obj\Debug\MedConnect.Android.pdb
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\MedConnect.Android.apk
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
