c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.exe
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.pdb
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\MedConnect.dll
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\MedConnect.pdb
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\MedConnect.iOS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.exe
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.pdb
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.exe.config
c:\users\bec\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\MedConnect.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Bec\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\PortableRest.dll
C:\Users\Bec\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Bec\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\Bec\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Bec\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\PortableRest.xml
C:\Users\Bec\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Bec\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\Bec\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.exe.config
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.exe
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.pdb
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\MedConnect.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\MedConnect.pdb
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\MedConnect.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\MedConnect.iOS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.exe
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\CancerQuest_app\MedConnect\MedConnect\MedConnect.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.pdb
